Dataset lazy loading improvements (#3605)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* Fixed typo in calculation error message and comment in operation.py
  [(#3536)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3536)

> * `Dataset.write()` now ensures that any lazy-loaded values are loaded before writing to file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Dataset.write()` now ensures that any lazy-loaded values are loaded before they are written to a file.
```
